W-12230118 ruleset asset gov api subpage bsj (#232)
mulesoft/docs-exchange: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/task-view-governed-apis-for-rulesets.adoc

// Used in docs-exchange/asset-details.adoc and docs-api-governance-documentation/view-conformance-status-in-exchange.adoc

In a ruleset's *Governed APIs* page, you can view the list of centrally-governed APIs to which the ruleset applies. 

> Developers can use the *Governed APIs* list to help them improve the quality of the rulesets and APIs they develop as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can use the *Governed APIs* list as follows to help improve the quality of the rulesets and APIs that they develop: 
```

> * When their APIs fail a ruleset, they can see which other APIs are successfully conforming to the ruleset so that they can fix their APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When their APIs fail a ruleset, they can see which other APIs successfully conform to the ruleset so that they can fix their APIs.
```

Reviewer: Maybe "...fix their APIs accordingly" to tie this back to seeing the other APIs.

> * When they are discovering available rulesets to use for their API, they can see which APIs are conformant to a specific ruleset to evaluate how helpful it is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When they discover available rulesets to use for their API, they can see which APIs conform to a specific ruleset to evaluate how helpful it is.
```

Reviewer: I suggest changing "are conformant" to "conform to" because it is simpler and more direct. Your choice. I won't mark it again.

Reviewer: How helpful what is - the API or ruleset?

Author: This edit would change the meaning. They are in the process of discovering available rulesets in Exchange, and we use the words conformant or noncorformant very specifically for API Governance. Let me think about this one.

> API consumers can use the *Governed APIs* list when they need to create an API service or application that is conformant to a certain set of standards or rules. They can:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API consumers can use the *Governed APIs* list when they create an API service or application that conforms to a certain set of standards or rules. They can:
```

Author: Same as above in regard to conforms vs. is conformant to. This also needs to imply something other than the edit would achieve.

* Ensure there is a ruleset in Exchange that has the rules they need.

> * See which APIs are conformant to that ruleset so that they can make sure their application is consuming only the conformant APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See which APIs conform to that ruleset so that they can make sure their application consumes only the conforming APIs.
```

To view the governed API list for a ruleset:

. Select a ruleset asset that is used in an API Governance profile. 

> . Select *Governed APIs* in the navigation bar to see the following information for each API listed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Governed APIs* in the navigation bar to see the following information for each listed API:
```

* Whether the API is governed by multiple centralized rulesets and by how many  

> * Whether the API passed the ruleset

Reviewer: What does "passed" mean in this context? Passed to something or conforming to the ruleset?

Author: It is a fine point, but the words passed and failed are used for the rules in a single ruleset, but an API cannot be in conformant status unless it passes all rulesets in a profile. This is elsewhere in the doc, so shouldn't be repeated here.

> * Whether the API is conformant to all rulesets for which it is governed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Whether the API conforms to all rulesets for which it is governed
```

Author: Same as above

+
. To open an API's details page, click the open external link icon (image:open-external-link-icon.png[width=20,height=18,fit=line]). 

NOTE:: 

> Depending on the access you have to the APIs in Exchange, you may see only the APIs that are conformant to the ruleset. This ensures that vulnerabilities are not exposed to consumers who do not have proper access to the APIs. Organization administrators or contributors can see the conformant and non-conformant APIs for their organization. 

Reviewer: I suggest removing NOTE::, and changing "may" to "might,".

// Used in docs-exchange/asset-details.adoc and docs-api-governance-documentation/view-conformance-status-in-exchange.adoc

You can view the list of centrally-governed APIs to which a ruleset applies. Depending on the access you have to the API assets in Exchange, you may see only the APIs that are conformant to the ruleset or you may see APIs that are conformant and not conformant to the ruleset. For example, asset or organization administrators or contributors can see APIs in both conformance statuses. 

Developers can use the *Governed APIs* list to help them improve the quality of the rulesets and APIs they develop as follows: 

* When their APIs fail a ruleset, they can see which other APIs are successfully conforming to the ruleset so that they can fix their APIs.

> * When they are discovering available rulesets to use for their API, they can see which APIs are using a specific ruleset to evaluate how helpful it is.

Reviewer 2: probably instead of using, we could say "passing" or are conformant, to avoid the permission discussion again :)

Author: Fixed as suggested in Slack

API consumers can use the *Governed APIs* list when they need to create an API service or application that is conformant to a certain set of standards or rules. They can:

* Ensure there is a ruleset in Exchange that has the rules they need
* See which APIs are conformant to that ruleset so that they can make sure their application is consuming only the conformant APIs

To view the governed API list for a ruleset:

. Select a ruleset asset that is used in an API Governance profile. 
. Select *Governed APIs* in the navigation bar to see the following information for each API listed:

* Versions of APIs governed by the ruleset in one or more API Governance profiles
* Whether the API is governed by multiple centralized rulesets and by how many  

> * APIs that passed all of the rules in the ruleset and if you have sufficient access, those that failed

Reviewer 2: I find this list kind of confusing ...mentioning apis again in the list where I think we are refering to individual apis, is "confusing"
as far as I know it will be a list of api versions, filtered by access, 
and for each  you will see, 
* Whether the API is governed by multiple centralized rulesets and by how many 
* whether the API passed or not the ruleset 
* Whether the API if conformant or not to all rulesets for which is governed.

Author: Good point. I've taken your suggestions.
